When we annotate our test class with Springwood test annotation, we can also specify the type of web
environment that we want to use for our test.
For example, in brackets I can specify where environment equals and then Springwood test.
Web environment.
MOC So if I explicitly specify a mock web environment, or if I do not specify any web environment,
then by default a mock web environment will be used.
Now, when a mock web environment is used, then a spring framework will create web application context
with mocked servlet environment.
And this means that you will not have an entire screen application context loaded and only beans that
are related to web player will be created.
And because this is only a mock servlet environment, spring framework will also not start a real embedded
servlet container.
And to test our weapon points we will need to use more MVC object again as we did it in previous lessons
and mock requests, which is not what we want this time.
This time I want integration test that involves code in all layers of our application.
So if you do not want to use mock servlet environment anymore and you want Sprint framework to actually
start an embedded server on a specific port number or on a random port number, you will need to use
a different web environment here.
So let's continue.
And in the following lessons we will talk about define port number and random port number options.